
# Introduction

Before begin any typing, I’ve made some research in order to know more
about this "practice". And I’ve found all of what I needed here :
https://www.apprendre-tarotdemarseille.com/ (All the images I used for
the card are from this website by the way). The I’ve decided to start
with Arcanes Mineures and Arcanes Majeures. And as I thought two classes
were not enought for basis of the project, I added one own-maded class.
Arcanes Majestueuse is it.(More details in this report below - Classes
Section) In a first hand I wrote all the classes that doesn’t belong to
the view part. So are they Player class, Card(Abstract class),
ArcanesMajeures, Arcanes Mineures, Arcanes Majestueuses. All of them
extended from Card Class. And all the view part was coded in a one
single page. As I thought it wasn’t really clean and properly coded I’ve
decided to start all the project over again. Then I’ve coded the project
by using the MVC design pattern, and the Observer principle. And there
is differents classes in the view part that represents differents
components of the application (Also more details in the report below)

# UML Diagram

# How to use it

**a - Form Welcome Panel**

Once the user has started the program, he has got to fill a welcome
form. He must enter his name and choose betwin two choices of a two
radioButton couple. Then he press enter and go into in.

![Form Welcom Panel](./welcomeForm.PNG)

**b - Main Window** 

Then, once it’s done, the user can see the program
break down into segments.

![Main Page](./main Page.PNG)

First you’ve got the side bar with a little icon, the name and at save
profil button at the bottom.
![Side Bar](./icoUser.png) ![Save Btn](./saveBtn.PNG)


